So next, this is also going to look at the start and end of particular date ranges.
So, the start and end of the week, month,
and quarter may have structural differences in trading activity.
So we're going to use pandas.daterange here.
So here's the documentation for that.
Okay. So it takes three parameters: start date,
end date, and also frequency.
The frequency for end of the month is BM,
which you can look at in other documentation which is the time-series frequency.
Okay. So here you can see that
BM is the code to say we want to get the end of the business month.
Okay. So that's the frequency that we would use.
Okay. So here's an example.
So if we were to say pd.daterange,
so I'm going to try this in new cell, pd, pandas.daterange,
and we're just going to say from the start is here,
and then the end is date.
Okay. We're going to set the frequency equal to enter the business month.
Okay. So what does that do?
Notice here that these dates represent
the last business day of that particular month, all right?